Update README.md with Turbo option (#19)
ekqt/screenshot: README.md

3. Start the development server, open your web browser and visit http://localhost:3000

- Using NPM:

```bash
npm run dev
```

- Using Turbo:

```bash
turbo run dev
```

> > Note: If you encounter a "Failed to Contact turbod" error, this
> > ongoing issue can be ignored by running without the daemon process by passing `--no-daemon`. Refer to issue [here](https://github.com/ekqt/screenshot/issues/17)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you encounter a `Failed to Contact turbod` error, this ongoing issue can be bypassed by running without the daemon process by passing `--no-daemon`. Refer to issue [here](https://github.com/vercel/turbo/issues/2034)
```
